Tube Solar Tracking
Because of their rounded design, Solar Evacuated Tube Collectors are able to passively track the sun, meaning, the sun rays are always pointed directly at them absorbing solar thermal energy evenly all day long. Having the correct number of absorbers (tubes) directly facing the sun perpendicularly causes superior solar radiation collection. 
Evacuated Tube Solar Collectors are great for everything from making plain hot water, to pool heating, solar air conditioning, commercial uses and manufacturing processing. Due to its high efficiency, smaller sizes or capacity can be recommended, little or no power booster… there is savings all the time.
By tracking the sun from early morning until late afternoon, more heat is generated by the tubes, this is important, particularly when hot water is needed very early mornings and throughout the day.
Flat-plate collectors, on the other hand, only face the sun directly during midday which decreases their maximum daily heat output, lowers the heat available during morning and afternoon, causing the need for larger storage capacity for any application. There is always excess hardly used water quantity.
Because of it’s reliably effective performance all year round, evacuated tube systems are quickly becoming the solar collector of choice for commercial, residential and other uses throughout the world.

Whatever time of the day and whatever little sun rays, the tubes are always perpendicular to the sun, making the evacuated tubes more efficient than the flat plate collector. They also harness inferred and ultra violet rays found in the atmosphere converting and using it as a source of heat. With our specifically “designed for the Caribbean climate” evacuated tubes systems which is based on our knowledge and experience, you are guaranteed a trouble free system, hot water even on long cloudy days and an excellent after-sale service.

Incidence Angle Modifier
 This is the variance in output performance of a solar collector, as the angle of the sun changes in relation to the surface of the collector. Solar Evacuated Tubes provide an important and measurable increase in efficiency in the morning and afternoon when the sun’s angle is between 40 and 80 degrees from perpendicular. The result is constant heat output for almost the entire part of the daylight.
When solar energy is absorbed by a collector at an angle other than perpendicular, the performance of that collector changes, measuring the (IAM) Incident Angle Modifier, this provides an angle based performance factor which lessen radiation. When the collector is perpendicular to the sun, a maximum value of 1 point is achieved, increasing as the collector absorbs  maximum amount of sun radiation possible. In the instance of flat-plate collectors, the maximum value of 1 is achieved only at midday and is quite less during the morning and late afternoon. 

Features:

The tube structure is between two special designed High quality borosilicate 3.3 glass, sealed together with hallow space between them to create or form a vacuum. It also has special 
developed very thin heat absorber film coupled with thin aluminum heat absorbers around 
cooper rods or heat pipe.

Special selective coated spray acting as a resistant to loss of heat or temperature meaning, once the sun rays is absorbed and is trapped as heated energy between or within the two sealed glass (vacuumed) it cannot escape out but would rather rapidly build temperatures giving the tube a 96% efficiency rate.

The tubes are designed in such a way that they are not easily broken due to volume expansions or contractions caused by fluctuating temperatures even through long dry seasons.                        
                                                           Other Details:
Outer Tank Material: Color coated aluminum/galvanized: 0.31mm
Inner Tank Material: SUS 304-3B food grade stainless steel.
Insulation Material:50-60mm polyurethane foam
Working pressure: 0.6Mpa  ***  Vacuum Tube: Borosilicate glass 3.3
“Tube Size: 58*1800mm   ***   Stand Material: Aluminum alloy, 
Special Features: 
Fast heating capacity, copper heat pipe in vacuum tube transfers heated energy to the cold water in       the storage tank much quicker.

Inner Pressure of the system is up to 1.5kg/M2, the max pressure can be 0.7Mpa.
No water is stored in the evacuated tube, just plain direct sun radiation vacuumed at high temperatures. 

If one tube is broken or damaged it has little of no effect on the system efficient performance.

The inner tank is scientifically and technologically designed specifically for the harsh tropical climates, which will withstand 100,000 times fatigue test without any damage.   

Nicely coated colors which are soft on the eyes, they will blend nicely with any color coated roofing material for esthetics
